feat: adds meeting confirmation page for team (#78)
masterpointio/masterpoint.io: content/thank-you/meeting-confirmed-audit.md

---
title: You're Confirmed!
description: >-

>   Thanks for scheduling your audit meeting! We're looking forward to working with you. You should receive a calendar invite shortly. Please reach out in Slack if you need anything urgently.

Author: ```suggestion
  Thanks for scheduling your meeting with the Masterpoint team -- we're looking forward to working with you! You should receive a calendar invite shortly. Please reach out in Slack if you need anything urgently.
```
